Update documentation (#123)
skyscrapers/documentation: coding_guidelines/terragrunt.md

- access to the S3 bucket containing the OpenTofu state files
- access to the DynamoDB table containing the OpenTofu state locks
- permission to assume a more privileged role in the target "ops" accounts

These are some of its benefits:

- we don't have to manage and secure static credentials with direct admin access to each "ops" accounts.
- the provided credentials from the assumed role last for just an hour, so it's more difficult that they get compromised.

## Usage

Terragrunt is a layer on top of OpenTofu. Therefore all the commands that can be used in OpenTofu can also be added to the terragrunt command.
More info: <https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/quick-start/>

## Install

You can install OpenTofu and Terragrunt through the package manager that you use.
More info:

- <https://opentofu.org/docs/intro/install/>
- <https://terragrunt.gruntwork.io/docs/getting-started/install/>

> [!CAUTION]
> We lock the version of OpenTofu in order not to accidentally apply breaking changes. This is done in the code in the required_providers section.
> [!CAUTION]

> > Make sure don't have Terraform installed on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Make sure you don't have Terraform installed on your machine.
```

> > If you have you can set `TERRAGRUNT_TFPATH=tofu` so Terragrunt will use the OpenTofu binary instead of the Terraform binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you have, you can set `TERRAGRUNT_TFPATH=tofu` so Terragrunt will use the OpenTofu binary instead of the Terraform binary.
```

To create the sops secret file you can just run `sops secrets.yaml` in the folder where you want the secret to be saved. The content of this file is best structured as yaml.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
```

> Don't forget to add the secrets.yaml file to the .gitignore file so it can be taken up into the git repository.

## Modules

If you can re-use a set of OpenTofu code, consider adding it as a module.

We have a lot of general modules we can reuse for different clients. You can find them all on GitHub: <https://github.com/skyscrapers?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=terraform-&type=&language=hcl>.

> Next to our own modules there is also a large set of modules available in the OpenTofu community (atm still a mirror from Terraform): <https://github.com/opentofu/registry/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file> <https://registry.terraform.io/browse/modules>.

Reviewer: Considering we prefer using upstream over (most of) our own modules these days, I propose we switch these sections?

If you can re-use a set of OpenTofu code, consider adding it as a module.

> By default we try to use the upstream modules available  in the OpenTofu community (atm still a mirror from Terraform): <https://github.com/opentofu/registry/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file> <https://registry.terraform.io/browse/modules>. In the case there is no upstream module available we also created some modules ourselves. You can find them all on GitHub: <https://github.com/skyscrapers?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=terraform-&type=&language=hcl>.
> Next to our own modules there is also a large set of modules available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default we try to use the upstream modules available in the Terraform and OpenTofu communities: <https://github.com/opentofu/registry/tree/main?tab=readme-ov-file> <https://registry.terraform.io/browse/modules>. In the case there is no upstream module available we also created some modules ourselves. You can find them all on GitHub: <https://github.com/skyscrapers?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=terraform-&type=&language=hcl>.
```
